SOLUTION

The file given is named 'way_out.obj'. Firstly .obj files are always accompanied by .mtl files, so the first step is to change this into a 3D format that it is meant to be in, since we have a clue that this task involved colors in it, the next appropriate 3D format that supports color is .fbx. So we change the extension to .fbx. After that, we use Blender to open the 3D file and find the clues (it can be understood that this question has been made with Blender when going through the contents of the file, so it is best suited with Blender). Once we open the file in Blender, we find three objects inside, 'key', 'objects', 'clues'. In the clue given in the question, we find 11 serial numbers with clues following them. They are nothing but the positions and rotation parameters of the clues. For the first four clues, we have different objects at random positions, and hidden inside them several binary numbers which point to part of the flag. We use key to cut the objects according the position and rotation given in the question and hidden in the cut area will be two binary numbers, one in red and one in green. Intuitively, the green binary number is the part of the clue that is supposed to be noted. This follows for the first four binary numbers and the for the 5th-10th binary numbers, we have to cut various parts of the fifth object. The fifth object is a 3D mesh of a monkey, the five clues are hidden inside the ears, eyes, nose and mouth. When cutting through those parts, we find pairs of binary numbers and again, the green ones are the right ones. The last clue is that the binary number is inside the key. The key is basically a cylinder and the when the edges of the key are removed, we find the last binary number inside the cylinder/key itself. We now have 11 binary numbers and when put to together they correspond to flag{3d<2d).

Flag: pctf{3d>2df0l1f3}
